README.md, before:

# Introduction
This is a demo app to show features of Spring Boot.

# How Spring Boot works
## How Spring Boot Application startup?

In `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` of the Spring Boot fat jar, we can see the following content:

```
Manifest-Version: 1.0
Implementation-Title: spring-boot-demo
Implementation-Version: 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
Archiver-Version: Plexus Archiver
Built-By: yanglifan
Implementation-Vendor-Id: com.github.yanglifan
Spring-Boot-Version: 1.4.3.RELEASE
Implementation-Vendor: Pivotal Software, Inc.
Main-Class: org.springframework.boot.loader.JarLauncher
Start-Class: com.github.yanglifan.demo.springboot.SpringBootDemoApplic
 ation
Spring-Boot-Classes: BOOT-INF/classes/
Spring-Boot-Lib: BOOT-INF/lib/
Created-By: Apache Maven 3.3.9
Build-Jdk: 1.8.0_65
Implementation-URL: http://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/spring-boot-
 demo/
```

We know that the value of `Main-Class` segment will be the entry class when execute `java -jar app.jar` command.

`org.springframework.boot.loader.JarLauncher` locates in spring-boot-loader module of spring-boot-tools project

https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/blob/master/spring-boot-tools/spring-boot-loader/src/main/java/org/springframework/boot/loader/JarLauncher.java

`JarLauncher` just invokes the class which is specified by `Start-Class` in `MANIFEST.MF`. In this demo, `Start-Class` is `com.github.yanglifan.demo.springboot.SpringBootDemoApplication`. Like most of Spring Boot applications, in `main` method of `SpringBootDemoApplication`, `SpringApplication.run(SpringBootDemoApplication.class, args)` is invoked.

This first important method is `initialize(Object[] sources)`. This method is invoked by `SpringApplication` constructor.

```java
public class SpringApplication {
    private void initialize(Object[] sources) {
        if (sources != null && sources.length > 0) {
            this.sources.addAll(Arrays.asList(sources));
        }
        this.webEnvironment = deduceWebEnvironment();
        setInitializers((Collection) getSpringFactoriesInstances(
                ApplicationContextInitializer.class));
        setListeners((Collection) getSpringFactoriesInstances(ApplicationListener.class));
        this.mainApplicationClass = deduceMainApplicationClass();
    }
}
```

## How Spring Boot to start a web container?
Spring Boot use `AnnotationConfigEmbeddedWebApplicationContext` as the default web application context. `AnnotationConfigEmbeddedWebApplicationContext` will create an embedded web container. By default, it will use `TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory` to create an embedded Tomcat instance.

```java
public class EmbeddedWebApplicationContext extends GenericWebApplicationContext {
    protected EmbeddedServletContainerFactory getEmbeddedServletContainerFactory() {
        // Use bean names so that we don't consider the hierarchy
        String[] beanNames = getBeanFactory()
                .getBeanNamesForType(EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class);
        if (beanNames.length == 0) {
            throw new ApplicationContextException(
                    "Unable to start EmbeddedWebApplicationContext due to missing "
                            + "EmbeddedServletContainerFactory bean.");
        }
        if (beanNames.length > 1) {
            throw new ApplicationContextException(
                    "Unable to start EmbeddedWebApplicationContext due to multiple "
                            + "EmbeddedServletContainerFactory beans : "
                            + StringUtils.arrayToCommaDelimitedString(beanNames));
        }
        return getBeanFactory().getBean(beanNames[0],
                EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class);
    }
}
```

There is a question. Why Spring Boot chooses Tomcat by default. The answer is related with Spring Boot auto config mechenism. `spring-boot-autoconfigure` module is very important. You can find all 3rd party technologies' configuration which supported by Spring Boot officially. Of course, you can find Tomcat configuration in it:

```java
public class EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration {
	/**
	 * Nested configuration if Tomcat is being used.
	 */
	@Configuration
	@ConditionalOnClass({ Servlet.class, Tomcat.class })
	@ConditionalOnMissingBean(value = EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class, search = SearchStrategy.CURRENT)
	public static class EmbeddedTomcat {
		@Bean
		public TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory tomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory() {
			return new TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory();
		}
	}
}
```
# References
* [Spring Boot启动流程详解](http://zhaox.github.io/java/2016/03/22/spring-boot-start-flow)
* [spring boot应用启动原理分析](http://blog.csdn.net/hengyunabc/article/details/50120001)

Commit message:

Describe the function of "initialize" method of SpringApplication

README.md, after:

# Introduction
This is a demo app to show features of Spring Boot.

# How Spring Boot works
## How Spring Boot Application startup?

In `META-INF/MANIFEST.MF` of the Spring Boot fat jar, we can see the following content:

```
Manifest-Version: 1.0
Implementation-Title: spring-boot-demo
Implementation-Version: 0.0.1-SNAPSHOT
Archiver-Version: Plexus Archiver
Built-By: yanglifan
Implementation-Vendor-Id: com.github.yanglifan
Spring-Boot-Version: 1.4.3.RELEASE
Implementation-Vendor: Pivotal Software, Inc.
Main-Class: org.springframework.boot.loader.JarLauncher
Start-Class: com.github.yanglifan.demo.springboot.SpringBootDemoApplic
 ation
Spring-Boot-Classes: BOOT-INF/classes/
Spring-Boot-Lib: BOOT-INF/lib/
Created-By: Apache Maven 3.3.9
Build-Jdk: 1.8.0_65
Implementation-URL: http://projects.spring.io/spring-boot/spring-boot-
 demo/
```

We know that the value of `Main-Class` segment will be the entry class when execute `java -jar app.jar` command.

`org.springframework.boot.loader.JarLauncher` locates in spring-boot-loader module of spring-boot-tools project

https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/blob/master/spring-boot-tools/spring-boot-loader/src/main/java/org/springframework/boot/loader/JarLauncher.java

`JarLauncher` just invokes the class which is specified by `Start-Class` in `MANIFEST.MF`. In this demo, `Start-Class` is `com.github.yanglifan.demo.springboot.SpringBootDemoApplication`. Like most of Spring Boot applications, in `main` method of `SpringBootDemoApplication`, `SpringApplication.run(SpringBootDemoApplication.class, args)` is invoked.

### 1st important method of `SpringApplication`
This first important method is `initialize(Object[] sources)`. This method is invoked by `SpringApplication` constructor.

```java
public class SpringApplication {
    private void initialize(Object[] sources) {
        if (sources != null && sources.length > 0) {
            this.sources.addAll(Arrays.asList(sources));
        }
        this.webEnvironment = deduceWebEnvironment();
        setInitializers((Collection) getSpringFactoriesInstances(
                ApplicationContextInitializer.class));
        setListeners((Collection) getSpringFactoriesInstances(ApplicationListener.class));
        this.mainApplicationClass = deduceMainApplicationClass();
    }
}
```

This method will decide whether the current application is a web application or not.

## How Spring Boot to start a web container?
Spring Boot use `AnnotationConfigEmbeddedWebApplicationContext` as the default web application context. `AnnotationConfigEmbeddedWebApplicationContext` will create an embedded web container. By default, it will use `TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory` to create an embedded Tomcat instance.

```java
public class EmbeddedWebApplicationContext extends GenericWebApplicationContext {
    protected EmbeddedServletContainerFactory getEmbeddedServletContainerFactory() {
        // Use bean names so that we don't consider the hierarchy
        String[] beanNames = getBeanFactory()
                .getBeanNamesForType(EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class);
        if (beanNames.length == 0) {
            throw new ApplicationContextException(
                    "Unable to start EmbeddedWebApplicationContext due to missing "
                            + "EmbeddedServletContainerFactory bean.");
        }
        if (beanNames.length > 1) {
            throw new ApplicationContextException(
                    "Unable to start EmbeddedWebApplicationContext due to multiple "
                            + "EmbeddedServletContainerFactory beans : "
                            + StringUtils.arrayToCommaDelimitedString(beanNames));
        }
        return getBeanFactory().getBean(beanNames[0],
                EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class);
    }
}
```

There is a question. Why Spring Boot chooses Tomcat by default. The answer is related with Spring Boot auto config mechenism. `spring-boot-autoconfigure` module is very important. You can find all 3rd party technologies' configuration which supported by Spring Boot officially. Of course, you can find Tomcat configuration in it:

```java
public class EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration {
	/**
	 * Nested configuration if Tomcat is being used.
	 */
	@Configuration
	@ConditionalOnClass({ Servlet.class, Tomcat.class })
	@ConditionalOnMissingBean(value = EmbeddedServletContainerFactory.class, search = SearchStrategy.CURRENT)
	public static class EmbeddedTomcat {
		@Bean
		public TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory tomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory() {
			return new TomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory();
		}
	}
}
```
# References
* [Spring Boot启动流程详解](http://zhaox.github.io/java/2016/03/22/spring-boot-start-flow)
* [spring boot应用启动原理分析](http://blog.csdn.net/hengyunabc/article/details/50120001)
